[Docs] Update management api docs (#599)
sequinstream/sequin: docs/management-api/authentication.mdx

iconType: "solid"
---

You can [retrieve and manage your API tokens](/management-api/introduction ) in your account settings page in the [Sequin Console](https://console.sequinstream.com).

## API requests

You'll include your token in the header of your HTTP requests. For example, with a client such as `curl`, you can include your token by using the `--header` option:

```bash
curl --request GET \
  --url api.sequinstream.com/api/http_pull_consumers/{{sequin_stream_name}}/receive \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_TOKEN'
```

## CLI

> You can set your API token as a context variable in the [Sequin CLI](https://docs.sequinstream.com/cli/overview) by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set your API token as a context variable in the [Sequin CLI](/reference/cli/overview) by running:
```
